fix(apm): metric grouping addition (#17133)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/solve-common-issues/troubleshooting/metric-grouping-issues.mdx

You can also edit and create metric normalization rules in the UI. For more details, see [Metric normalization](/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/ui-data/metric-normalization-rules).

<Callout variant="tip">

> If you want to group data that is reporting to the Metrics explorer, you can use [Metric normalization rules](/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/ui-data/metric-normalization-rules/) to match those incoming metrics and replace those matched metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to group data that's reporting to the Metrics explorer, you can use [Metric normalization rules](/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/ui-data/metric-normalization-rules/) to match those incoming metrics and replace those matched metrics.
```
replace those matched metrics with what?
